Add references to the Pipeline templates onto the docs (#2741)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/create_your_own.md

To define the steps:

1. Decide the goal of the pipeline.

> 1. Look for an [example pipeline](/docs/pipelines/example-pipelines) closest to that goal or [pipeline template](https://buildkite.com/pipelines/templates) relevant your technology stack and use case. You can copy parts of the pipeline definition as a starting point.

Reviewer: Missed a couple of words...

```suggestion
1. Look for an [example pipeline](/docs/pipelines/example-pipelines) closest to that goal or a [pipeline template](https://buildkite.com/pipelines/templates) relevant to your technology stack and use case. You can copy parts of the pipeline definition as a starting point.
```

- Inviting your team to see your build and try Buildkite themselves. Invite users from your [organization's user settings](https://buildkite.com/organizations/-/users/new) by pasting their email addresses into the form. Please note that to be able to start inviting other users to your Buildkite organization, your email needs to be verified. To verify your email, go to your [personal email settings](https://buildkite.com/user/emails) and select _Resend Verification_.
- Learning to [create more complex pipelines](/docs/pipelines/defining-steps) with dynamic definitions, conditionals, and concurrency.

> - Browse [pipeline template](https://buildkite.com/pipelines/templates) to see how Buildkite is used across different technology and use cases.

Reviewer: To harmonize wording with what you've added above...

```suggestion
- Browse the [pipeline templates](https://buildkite.com/pipelines/templates) to see how Buildkite is used across different technology stacks and use cases.
```
